1.	Pyromaniac with horrible sense of directions, that blows up blocks to proprel himself upwards to get to his laboratory
2.	Roomba vs. dustbunnies - bit like lugie mansion style
3.	Search island to feed animal unique and strange fruits to evolve the creatures (harvest moon style)
4.	Fight through obstical course with ball that teleports you or pushs off objects
5.	Multiplayer tile based game with goal of blowing each other up with nothing but traps. Platforms gradually gets smaller forcing players to fight for space. 
6.	Fruit stacking game, point is awarded by how fast and how heigh the fruits have been stacked up.
7.	Play as god, place buildings, street lights and random objects in a line, like a domino, and see it everything you built fall.
8.	Use a gravity pulling gun to pull colorful flying orbs (that are floating around the sky) for upgrades and to make a colorful collection.
9.	Modern ninja gets hired at a restaunant, use your ninja skills to cut vegitables and throw a meal together with high acrobatics.
10.	Control a tornado to destory towns and cities. Sharks are valid pickup object to throw at cities. 
11.	Shape shifting raccon that needs to get by the town without being spotted.
12.	Play as Thomas Edison that is out to find the right material to use as filament for his light bulb experiment. "Let there be light!"
13.	You have a map telling you where to go but you don't know where you are in reference to the map. Search for clues to find your way out of the tunnel.
14.	Toy story, play as the piggy bank out to steal money from various rooms
15.	Get figurins from point a to point b, by placing correct sequence of gears that allow set of motions. Example, basic gear moves the figurin forward 3 steps.
16.	Making food with random food ingredients and wow the judges.
17.	Ninja vs. army of undying snowman.
18.	Multiplayer game, where opposing player picks a random object, and your job is to place that object on your game character without having him fall or drop anything.
19.	Deep sea diver exploring the ocean trenches (Hadalpelagic Zone) and fighting off sea creatures with blinding light.
20.	Simulation game, where you are a barber and client brings in a picture of the desired hair cut. Use the wonkey controls to give him a "good" hair cut.
21.     
