10 Categories: 

I was not really sure how broad it should go...
Only wrote 1st thing came to mind


Geology
	Land Formations
		Volcanos
		Earth Quakes
Meterology
	Atmosphere	
		Storm
		Snow
		Rain
		Hail	
Biology 
	Plants
		Flowers
		Trees
	Humans
		Man
		Woman
	Animals
		Dog
		Cat
		Lion
		Raccoon	
Science	
	Technology
		Space Station
		Satellites
		Jet Packs
		Robots

Fiction
	Creatures
		Aliens
		Elves
		Orges
		Humanoids
	Location
		Floating islands
		Future utopian city
		Under water city
History
	Past
		Wars
			Persian Wars
			American Revolution 
			American Civil War
			WWI
			WWII
				Holocaust
Music
	Elements
		Pitch and melody
		Harmony and chords
		Rhythm
		Form

psychology
	Motivation
		Fear
		Anxiety
		Anger

Sociology	
	interactions
		factions / groups


Game
	Design
		Mechanics
				
		




Game Ideas PART 1:
1.  Simulation Game, about waking someone up by using whatever you can find in that place.
2.  People in a bubble ball, trying to push each other off platform for points.
3.  Escape the space monster that is coming toward you, by jumping on floating asteroids
4.  Character in an alternative universe with creatures and humans, as you are a hybrid of a slime and human, 
    Player choosing what they will become.
5.  Robot in the future, on an adventure to see how humans became nearly extinct.
6.  Game where you launch zombies over walls to take over the castle
7.  Treasure hunting game where you can freely roam between time and space, collecting, crafting and 
    using created tools to get into locked vaults or maps
8.  Monkey see, monkey do but with primitive creatures. Job is to keep them alive, and see how they grow based on
    your moral and ethical code.
9.  Detective that can read people’s minds, ask the right questions and solve murders
10. Free roam adventure find parts to robots
11. Game where you must destroy the object that you are given by any means, phones, laptop, etc.
12. Given a list of hypothetical situations, a dice that controls the events that unfolds, and keep yourself alive by any means.
13. Build a bridge using given materials
14. Game where you can wage war to obtain resources or create dispute between other factions to "gain favor" for your kind (factions / moral and ethical code)
15. College boy, out to prove himself as the best guitarist (music / guitar)
16. Play as a dragon, freely roaming continent to create a home for yourself (free roam / build)
17. A peace loving samurai that is out to clear his name by fighting off a faction that labeled him as the murderer.
18. Doctor that needs to pick which patient to see first. (Action and consequence) 
19. Play as interior designer, hear what clients want and blow their mind away with your design choices.
20. Car with super powered jets that make you fly into space, dodge satellites, asteroids, planets, etc.
21. Play as a cat, hide from humans fight with other cats for territory
22. Dust bunny that wants to go on an adventure ~ help him
23. Alien dance off where you must copy alien dance moves for points but be on the lookout for when you are not supposed to
24. Potato holding pan of boiling oil, death means you become French fry. Only limited number of potatoes survive
25. Place obstacles to slow down the zombie, raid towns for materials. Home alone vs zombie version
26. Psychiatrist that can go into other people mind to provide aid to their suffering. (Horror)
27. Cut the rope of the enemies that are climbing your castle (tower defense)
28. Dog with swords defending their master
29. Play as mother earth, place well positioned earth quicks to destroy cities
30. Help weak salmon traveling up stream, give him upgrades, super fins, jet packs to get job done.
31. Rebuild a deserted town by inviting monsters
32. Teach kids about rhythm by reacting to various beat which creature that kids draw dances to.
33. Cat vs Mouse vs Dogs with weapons
34. Fire fighters with jet packs, save survivors
35. Slinky journey down the stairs and obstacles, points for tricks
36. Ninja in futuristic society where almost all humans turned in to monsters
37. Farm war, upgrade your land for better produce and beat your competitors.
38. Tanks that’s shoots cannon ball into giant plinko for score
39. Escape the concentration camp, focused on history, education, personal stories, but stealth based game mechanics
    and focus on moral and ethical behaviors.
40. Student's mind, dodging responsibilities game
41. Reporter in an insane town trying to uncover the cause of madness
42. Secret agent slime alien goes into human bodies to sneak into area 51
43. Ancient god Zeus coming into modern world and checking things out
44. Ghost dead space fighter, controlling random objects and creatures to fight the sabotage the aliens that killed him.
45. Greedy racoon with gun that can control electromagnetic field, to steal valuables
46. Sand box game, create random creatures and events for other people to see and play
47. Neighbors dog keeps doing his business in your lawn, time to fight back.
48. Multiplayer, play as the killer that can see all the players in the field find a way to sneak up and kill them, very much like tag.
49. Raccoon with bombs out to destroy coyotes that keeps eating raccoon's food or raccoon kinds.
50. A treasure hunter with mystical map that shows the location of hidden treasures if all the areas in the map are uncovered.
